There.
Charlotte, North Carolina.
Welcome.
Harmontown is now officially in session everybody.
Oh yeah.
What is this? Day 5?
Day 6? I have no idea.
We've been on tour and it feels like we're members of the Donner party. It's wild.
I woke up and Spencer was gnawing on my leg.
Please welcome the mayor of Harmontown to the stage, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Everybody calm down. Calm down.
Sorry. No, it's okay. I didn't mean to yell at you.
Well, tonight's going to be a very interesting night. I promise you that.
Last night in Nashville, the episode was only just being uploaded.
I almost hope none of you heard it.
Control was lost. Things broke down. The audience was fantastic. They were wonderful.
My drinking was unforgivable.
The audience was loaded in and nice and early to escape the cold.
We did Jagger bombs with them in the back.
I took the stage already pretty sloshy.
We went up to the stage pretty tipsy.
Then about 20 minutes into it, we had a representative self-proclaimed hillbilly come up and treat us to moonshine out of a jar.
Then I took a sip and then everything else was sort of a blackout until I listened to the recording today.
I was editing it. I'll tell you this. I'll confide in you, Charlotte, because I'm relying on you to be a confidant tonight.
We're going to have a quiet, dignified, thoughtful, mature show.
I want to start with this confession to you.
As an editor of Harmontown, I have never made more shame-based edits to a Harmontown recording.
Usually, if there's any editing of a Harmontown recording, what you're hearing is I'll just lift, like, you know, I'll go,
hey, welcome to Harmontown.
And some lady in the back will go, how is Zuckie Dick?
And I'll go, what did you say?
And the mic won't pick her up.
She said she wants a Zuckie Dick, Jeff.
And then it'll be kind of a weird, like, we'll bring her up here.
And then you'll hear kind of like a burp, burp, burp, burp.
Okay, take that mic.
I'll lift that stuff.
So we'll just cut, you know, we'll just, a nice tight, I want a Zuckie Dick.
Hey, what's your name?
Nancy?
I'll just lift things to keep the podcast listener happy.
But this morning in the hotel room as I was listening to the Nashville show, I was editing things because it was like,
I sound like a monster.
I don't want anyone or their mother to hear it.
There were some very long raps and very long songs that...
I don't know if any of you are Beach Boys fans, but Brian Wilson had a period following that raps.
Post Kokomo.
Yeah.
Where if you were hearing the words Brian Wilson, it was because he was just popping up at some venue and just sort of like,
just kind of Gary Busey-ing all over the place.
I became Gary Busey last night. It was uncomfortable.
There was a documentary crew there to film it, so when this movie comes out for $5 online,
I'm sure you can watch me make an ass of myself. I'm sure that'll be what the movie's about.
But that's why I decided that tonight is going to be...
I picked this spot because for you podcast listeners, the comedy zone here in Charlotte is...
it couldn't be a better place to have an undersold show.
It's sort of a concrete construction.
I think Hitler killed himself here.
We're in a day of the dead bunker.
We are absolutely safe from anything that might happen outside.
I don't think cell phones work down here.
There's a lot of concrete around us.
We're in our parents' basement. It's time to make stained glass and get hit with belts.
And get to know each other.
And I respect you guys, and I'm coming to you on my knees.
Please forgive me for what happened in Nashville.
Please let me find a new home here in Charlotte.
Please let's get to know each other in an intelligent, sophisticated, mature way, Jeff.
I want to have a decent show, a show you could bring your parents to a little bit.
And I think one of the serious things that we have to talk about is this Harmontown government that we're forming.
I think it's time to cross the threshold, Jeff, of actually getting serious about this.
Because we're going to colonize the moon or we're not. In any case, I think it's time for Harmontown and its followers to say,
this is who we are, this is what we believe.
Let's separate ourselves from the United States and everything else and just become a criminal organization.
What if I don't believe in government? What if I don't like government?
Well, you shouldn't. Government's bad. Government's somebody telling somebody else what to do.
I don't agree with that. That's what the United States is founded on, the principle that people telling people what to do is a bad idea.
Then somehow we got all caught up in doing it again.
Some people that defend it, they have to reduce themselves to weird mental riddles by going like,
oh, you don't believe that? Well, what if someone was stepping out of baby's head?
Well, I'm not in favor of stepping out of baby's head. You got me.
Well, then you should vote for so-and-so, because otherwise the baby's head doesn't step down.
That's silly. You're stepping on a theoretical baby's head. You're bullying me.
Everyone should be allowed to do whatever they want to do, right?
We all agree with that. Everyone should be allowed to do whatever they want to do.
Then there's this problem that we run up against where what if me wanting to do whatever I want to do interferes with someone else wanting to do whatever they want to do.
A tiny example, I want to smoke in this room. I want to light up a cigarette, because that's what I want to do.
Then there's a bunch of people going, I don't want to inhale your secondhand smoke.
A very classic example. There's got to be a way, Jeff, to create a rule, a system of thinking, where we could walk through that scenario
in the same way, apply it to a serial killer. We don't have to have 8,000 laws.
There's got to be a way, Jeff, to create a little logarithm.
I think it's a thing called courtesy. Self-awareness. Awareness of your surroundings and awareness of the needs and desires of other people.
That's something that people don't have enough of. People just don't consider other people.
Do we have anybody here tonight that has sort of a, well, okay, this might be embarrassing.
I understand you don't want to participate in this.
Raise your hand if you came alone. Okay.
The whole audience?
There's a whole table for the people that came alone.
So you guys just got sat together because you're, okay.
All right, so all of you guys came alone. Everyone look at them. They all came alone.
But they're not leaving alone.
No, they're not. You're all getting laid tonight.
We're going to do a square dance at the end of the show.
Remember square dancing?
No, I'm from Southern California. That's not a thing.
Did you guys do square dancing in your Phi Ed classes?
Yes.
Okay, yeah.
It was a weird thing where they took everybody and forced them to touch each other.
It was always so that people like me could make physical contact with girls
and with sweaty, gross hands would touch theirs.
Dosey dough and promenade.
You're just being forced to touch people that would never touch you.
I had fancy square dancing. We had Catillion.
Did anybody have that?
Yeah, it's really, yeah.
Catillion was weird.
There was a lady and she had castanets for some reason.
That's how she got your attention.
Everybody!
That was our thing.
All right, who's having the worst time tonight?
Okay, good.
We just started.
They're all having a really bad time.
All right, one of you guys that came here alone,
I need you to be like the secretary for tonight,
because we're going to make a system of laws.
I actually have a parent paper.
Okay, all right.
Your name's Ben, right? We met you before the show.
Ben, could you come up here and introduce yourself to the audience?
Ben's kind of an interesting guy.
I think you'll see that.
Sure.
Before he told me what he did for a living,
my guess was surveillance.
He's dressed a bit like a magician.
He's got a shaved head.
His face doesn't change expression much.
He could be either about to hug you or kill you.
Thank you.
He looks a little like Anton LeVe.
Anton LeVe?
I've gotten Lenin, too, actually.
Yeah, you look a little bit like that.
Yeah, all right.
Well, can you take some notes for us?
We're going to try to figure this out throughout the night,
what our system of laws should be.
All right, take this down.
Take dictation.
We, the people of Harmontown, blah, blah, blah.
Put some fancy shit in there.
Nobody should ever have to do anything they don't want to do.
Everyone should be able to do whatever they want to do.
If you wanted to do whatever you want to do,
interferes with someone wanting to do whatever they want to do, dot, dot, dot.
That's what we have to figure out.
We'll figure that out by the end of the night.
Now, we were in Atlanta and somebody said,
trial by death or something like that.
Fight to the death.
It doesn't really work, because if I want to punch you in the face,
you don't want to get punched in the face,
you just punch you in the face and then say,
trial by death, and that's just bullying.
It doesn't work.
You just have people that want to punch people,
walking up to people and punching them.
I think the idea of making a bubble throat.
Yeah, you don't want that.
You can't do a bubble throat around Dan Harmon
because he comes down and you're like a sack of bricks.
I don't think there should be a Constitution.
How about that?
I think the moment you start writing down any sort of law,
then that's when you're screwed.
You can say, are we guarantee free speech?
That's the last time there is such a thing as free speech,
because then for the rest of time,
lawyers start closing like a big net around what makes free speech.
You'll fire in a private thing and you can't say something.
I heard somebody's feeling free.
Speech is never free again.
I think what you're doing right now is dangerous.
Yeah, no, it's illegal.
I'm a terrorist.
I'm declaring myself a terrorist.
Ben used to work for an organization to fight terrorism.
Oh yeah, that's right.
We met Ben at the bar earlier.
What's it called?
It's called the NIFA Foundation, 9-Eleven Finding Answers.
9-Eleven Finding Answers.
It's a non-governmental agency you said that's dedicated to.
Are you going to get in trouble saying what you're saying?
I don't think so.
I don't think anyone involved in the organization actually carries a gun
in an official capacity, so they'll have to get creative
if they want to come after me.
And you're a substitute teacher now, right, Pat?
Yes.
Does that explain a lot about growing up in your schools?
And we came into the bar and he had one headphone in,
and that's why Dan thought he worked in surveillance,
and we said, no, it's much nerdier than what you think it was.
It was me listening to the works of Tacitus.
Yes.
Awesome.
Part one of the annals.
Yeah, the good one.
Oh yeah.
Part two drags a bit.
That's our fans.
It's a guy at a bar who looks like Vladimir Lenin,
and he's listening to Tacitus.
That's awesome.
Nicknames for Charlotte, Jeff.
Want me to make one up?
The Queen City.
A little offensive.
Crown Town.
Obviously a reference to Queen City.
The Hornets Nest.
Ooh.
That's a political one.
The Home of NASCAR.
That's a nickname for that.
The Gem of the South.
That's adorable.
That goes with Queen City.
Why is it called Queen City?
Yeah, I couldn't understand it.
Queen Charlotte.
Now, who was Queen Charlotte?
She was the Queen.
Right, okay.
That's a good guess.
And also, wasn't Charlotte the home,
or was it just North Carolina?
I was reading something about the only successful
U.S. coup d'etat
that happened here
in the 1860s.
Not in a good way, really.
It was like a bunch of white dudes
that were pretty mad about the way things shook out
in the Civil War,
and they just kind of took something over.
It was very complicated stuff
that I did not have time to research over a drink.
I try to Wikipedia every city that we go to.
Incredibly boring town you have here.
It's very, very complicated.
Everything's very nuanced.
You have to have like a 300 IQ
to understand the history of Charlotte.
In Atlanta, we were like,
ah, there's railroads, and everyone's racist,
or, you know, it was fun in Nashville,
and you're like, oh, Elvis was invented here.
Charlotte, like, you got to really put the glasses on
and roll up your sleeves.
You should be proud of that fact,
and that's why we're going to have a quiet, thoughtful evening
in a military bunker here at the Comedy Zone.
Are you guys from here, or is this like a commuter town?
I'm definitely not from here.
You're not from here?
Where are you from?
Florida.
Florida, you have an accent that I can't play.
No, I grew up in Newcastle.
Newcastle, okay.
Newcastle, like the English Stephen King company?
Yeah, that's bad.
He grew up in a Stephen King company.
That's Castle Rock, sorry.
I don't know, look, just...
I think you're making the show too dignified.
Okay.
All right, well, you want to spice it up with a...
I don't know.
You want to do a quick rap about Charlotte?
Yes.
Yeah, let's kick this shit into overdrive.
Yo, yo, yo, Charlotte.
Yo, gateway to Carolina.
All the mountains couldn't look fine.
Looking like Titty's gonna stroke him.
I fucked your mama.
I like to poke him in the butt.
Fucked her in the butt.
Fucked your mama all the way down and up.
Threw her in the sky.
Fucked her in the eye.
Put my dick in her nose till she died.
I'm sorry.
Fucked your mama to death.
Fucked your mama till she ran out of breath.
Don't you're in the pool.
Lifted her out.
Fucked your mama.
I got that clout.
All right.
Okay, all right.
Thanks.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, Charlotte.
Thanks.
It's a classy show.
I need like a big Masterpiece Theater armchair up here.
Just a shelf of books.
How are you holding up on this trip so far, Daniel?
What are we, like, a third of the way, fourth of the way through?
I'm good.
I like all the cities we're going to.
And everybody's been delightful.
And everywhere we go, it's just like, you know, the Harmontown fans.
You guys all listen to the podcast, right?
I'm trying to, I'm scanning the audience for people who don't.
I feel like I have to ask this every, because we go to these comedy clubs,
and I know some of the comedy clubs, like, they fill seats.
Is there anybody here, be honest, that just got convinced to come here,
and then thought that you were going to be seeing stand up?
Uh-oh.
Okay.
All right.
I'm sorry, you guys.
I'm sorry.
Dan Harmon created a television show called Community, right now.
And now he thinks that he has a right to travel the country and stand up,
get drunk on stage, and have no plans, and no act to speak of.
Sorry.
But in my defense, you'd get the same from Rob Schneider.
He's still working off the same 10 minutes from 1989.
I bet you.
He's going to do Elvis on a fish hook,
and then he's going to be talking about the government for 90.
That's not true.
Rob Schneider's here next week.
Come see him.
But I do apologize to the, by my count,
six people that were duped into coming here under the impression that I might be
like a sort of Bobby Lee figure.
I do apologize.
I could try to do stand up.
Give me a topic.
Hockey.
What is with this sport, huh?
It's certainly not for black people.
Oh.
That was my bad.
You can't do a Chris Rock mic drop during somebody else's act.
For the listeners, that wasn't me dropping the Mike Chris Rock style.
That was Ben, Ben, Ben dropped his mic.
And I want answers.
I mean, you got a bunch of ice and they're out there,
and it's like, like, like what are you, you're hitting a puck back and forth
and a puck.
Well, what is that?
A Shakespeare reference?
All right.
Sorry.
It probably won't work.
If it was that easy, I think everybody would do it.
I apologize again.
I'll be apologizing throughout the night.
I'm certainly sorry to the city of Nashville for what we did there.
I drank too much.
I think at one point I was naked.
I'll do it tonight too for you guys if you want.
You wouldn't believe what my body looks like.
It's covered in hair.
The weirdest thing about my naked body is that I'm covered shoulder to ankle in
this Chewbacca coat.
But it looks like I'm wearing skin socks.
Does anyone else have that condition?
I don't have any hair.
You're like a reverse hobbit.
Yeah.
Does anyone else have that happening?
Nobody.
Okay.
Actually, yeah, kind of.
Oh, yeah?
Okay.
Keep taking notes, Ben.
We, the people of Harmontown, such and such, et cetera, et cetera, having been
appalled by the state of this nation here in this bunker where Hitler killed himself
with sound, mind and body, blah, blah, blah, et cetera, make it sound fancy.
We choose to be terrorists and criminals.
You guys don't have to follow me on this if you don't want to.
You can choose to apt out on your way out.
But please buy a t-shirt.
All right, let's work the crowd, Jeff.
All right.
Do you want some music for this?
Yeah, just some transitional music.
Okay, let me force up some transitional up.
Working the crowd going outside.
You thought I was on the stage, but now I'm nationwide.
I'm in your face, in the darkness, sticking mics in your face.
It's starkness.
Oh, shit.
What's your name?
Trevor.
Fuck you.
Oh, shit.
What's your name?
Blair.
My condolences.
Oh, shit.
Where are you from?
Wilmington.
How do you know when you're finished?
Whoa.
Get a look at this guy's hat.
Make fun of his hat.
Go.
Where'd you get that hat?
Fuck you for wearing a hat.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I ran into music.
All right.
No, no, no.
Yeah, take us out of the music.
This is not the kind of show I wanted to do.
Just so you guys know, this is Dan not being drunk.
I got out of control last night in Nashville.
I'm making up for it with a quiet, dignified show.
What's your name, ma'am?
Katie.
Do you live here in Charlotte?
Yeah.
You didn't drive that far.
Still have your coat on in case you need to bolt.
What do you do for a living?
Can I ask?
I don't have a job.
Okay.
How do you know when you're finished, blah, blah, blah?
Can we get you a job?
What do you want to do?
What do you want me to do?
I want you to rap.
Rap down.
Break, break down.
No, I'm kidding.
No, seriously, what would you do if you could do anything?
I want to be a TV writer.
All right.
Let's give her a job writing TV.
Yeah, you got a couple new shows coming up.
Yeah, I should be writing them right now.
Are you stuck in any script points that maybe she could help you out?
You could test her chops right now?
Yeah, I guess so.
Probably.
Would that work?
Yeah.
Do you like consulting with other people while you're writing a script?
Sure, sure, sure.
I guess so.
We could figure out something.
It was Katie?
Yeah.
All right.
Katie, come on up.
Let's rate a TV show together.
Okay, we're going to walk around this way.
You don't have to run.
I'm sorry.
I just do it because I'm like a little baby.
Okay.
All right.
Most important thing, Katie, is write what you know.
Like TV executives, they're suspicious of people who actually want to pitch them ideas
and stuff.
They want to hear from people who actually are talking from a place of ownership.
So if you go, when I was growing up in Puerto Rico, I had a mother that was so crazy and
then they go, holy shit, this guy's the real deal.
We're going to have like a flavorful show.
It's going to be spicy and amazing.
That guy could be lying.
It doesn't matter.
But so let's start with, were you born in Charlotte?
No.
Okay.
Where were you born?
New Orleans.
So why'd you come to Charlotte?
My family brought me.
Okay.
So it's like a kidnapping.
You could say that.
How old were you when your family brought you to Charlotte?
A little.
Okay.
Is that Mike on, Katie?
What?
Is that Mike on?
Or are you just very soft-spoken?
It might not be.
Check.
It is on.
Okay.
I'll speak louder.
Great.
So when you were two years old, your parents came from New Orleans to Charlotte?
Yes.
Why?
Because your dad's job, whatever?
It was what?
Does it have something to do with your dad's work?
No, I think we just had to get out, kind of thing.
I think we had family here, so we had to come here.
Okay.
I was a child.
It wasn't explained to me.
I would just put in the car and go.
All right.
Well, let's...
That sounds like a good show.
Yeah.
I'd watch that.
Let me do it.
It's called Child Abduction.
Let's brainstorm.
Take a seat for a second, Katie, and let me just workshop like a first scene from a show
about your life.
Yeah.
I'm making this up as I go.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
No, no.
You can keep the mic.
It's yours to keep.
Everybody here gets to take something from the comedy club tonight.
Yeah.
We're giving everything away.
You all get to keep your chair.
There's like 500 empty chairs we're going to be giving away.
Yeah.
Each of you gets 50.
It's a comedy zone chair giveaway night.
All right.
Jeff, you're a professional improviser.
Would you do the first scene of the Katie pilot?
Is this a cold open?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Katie, your mother's dead.
We're leaving.
Don't ask any questions.
Smash cut to the car.
Katie was born in New Orleans.
Now she's on the run to Charlotte.
She doesn't know why.
Dad, where are we going?
I got some terrible news for you.
We're both werewolves.
But I'm too.
No.
New Orleans was going to build the world's biggest moon.
And we would be werewolves all the time.
We're going through it.
We have to move north.
We have to get away from the moon, honey.
Meanwhile, at the New Orleans government anti-werewolf facility.
Da, da, da.
Pshh.
Agent Henderson reported for duty, sir.
You're late, Henderson.
That's because I go by the phases of the moon.
The scheme of yours to create a larger moon
to out all of New Orleans' werewolves
is going to cost us a pretty penny.
Sir, with all due respect.
I want you off of this moon case.
You're dismissing me from this unit that I created?
You have exactly 12 episodes to catch Katie and her father
before they make it to Charlotte and create a werewolf colony up there.
Then I'm going to do it my own way.
Pshh.
Gil Gerard is agent Henderson.
Henderson?
Yes.
I don't like you, but I like your methods.
Actually, no, I don't like either of them.
I don't like you or your methods.
But I like the fact that you sometimes get results.
I want those werewolves back.
Well, I'm going to get them and I'll show everybody
in this whole government facility.
I'm a man's man usually, but when it comes to these situations,
I get a little cry baby-ish.
Pshh.
Wow.
What a complicated, richly-developed character that was.
You have too many doors.
Meanwhile, at a comfort suites just outside of Charlotte.
Here in the news today, New Orleans had a gas leak.
Dad, it says New Orleans...
Oh, no!
Oh!
Run!
Run, Katie!
The moon is following us.
I'll spite you in another episode.
I got to tuck myself in a crib and tip it into a river.
Pshh.
I got to get away from that moon.
Say, little girl, what are you doing in a river at night all alone?
Oh, Italian gondolier.
My daddy got werewolved by the moon.
The Charlotte River's no place for a little lady like yourself.
I don't know what to think no more.
You've got a strangely ethnically ambiguous mentor to deal with now.
I'll show you how to survive the Charlotte wave.
I got to tell you something, though.
What's your name?
Samantha.
I got to tell you, Samantha, I'm a werewolf.
Oh, we don't judge around here.
We're not like those assholes in Atlanta.
Montage of Katie learning to hone her werewolf abilities
through Samantha's weird, multi-ethnic tutelage.
Rawr.
Over the years, she crows from a toddler to a new biol adolescent.
Katie, I don't have much longer to live.
I feel that I did everything I could for you to turn you into a woman werewolf.
But I'm just getting sexy.
I know, but I can't always be here for you.
But I will be involved in later episodes via voiceover.
I guess that's cool.
It could use punch-up.
Well, I'm going back to Charlotte.
Wait, no, I'm sorry.
Did you hear that?
Rawr.
No!
Werewolf hunting ninjas.
I'm going back to New Orleans.
And that's the end of the pilot.
She goes back to New Orleans.
So you went to Charlotte.
That's probably not how it worked, though, right?
No.
You say that wasn't an accurate depiction of your childhood?
It was close.
You are a werewolf?
That's none of your business.
Wow.
All right.
Well, thank you, Katie, for helping us make that pilot.
I still feel like we haven't really gotten you any work as a TV writer.
In my urgency to entertain the audience, I sort of forgot that goal.
Right what you know?
Yeah.
What do you know?
Obviously, I know werewolves and...
I don't know.
No, I'm just trying to...
Is that how you wrote community?
Because you went to community college for a while, right?
Was that where that came from?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So my next pilot is going to be about a guy that has no idea what he's doing,
and just wanders around being sad, drinking a lot,
and doing shows in concrete rooms.
Hey, what's that?
Okay, so if this were a zombie attack, who would be our leader?
Everybody point at somebody immediately, one, two, three, point.
A lot of people point at the English guy.
Well, the guys that came alone pointed at me.
Then there's some people pointing at this guy in the front,
and then there's this guy, I don't know.
This guy looks like he's pretty tough.
Hey, he's got tattoos, he's got a bald head.
What's your name?
John.
John, Senna, you big guy?
Yeah, he's the one.
Yeah.
He's got a little tattoo showing from underneath his sleeves.
I think that speaks larger tattoos underneath that shirt.
John, take your shirt off.
Ben, what do we got on the Constitution of Harmontown?
Yeah, read back what we have so far, Ben.
It's mostly interesting pitches for Katie's first TV show,
and zombie emergency leadership protocols.
Okay.
But also, people should be allowed to do whatever they want to do, right?
Yeah, everybody should, drunk and ramblings,
nobody should do what they don't want to do.
Right.
And we're appalled by the state of this nation,
we're obliged to become criminals.
Appalled?
Yes.
Okay, good.
All right, we'll figure it out.
We'll narrow it down before we leave Charlotte.
And terrorists.
Right, terrorists, something about terrorists.
Who's the most patriotic person in the audience?
You are?
The guy from Newcastle.
Yeah, are you patriotic about American citizenship
or about your British heritage?
It's actually born here.
Sorry, I'm as American as you are.
You have such a pronounced Newcastle accent, though.
Yeah?
You're born here and you still...
Is it your parents or what?
We moved to Newcastle when I was like six months old.
Ah, so you were born an American and you lived there?
I got you.
I see.
Kind of.
I'm a charming vampire.
What about you?
Are you a patriot?
Can you come up here for a second?
We don't bully anybody at Harmontown.
Here, take Ben's mic.
Fuck that guy.
I was actually talking to Ben before the show.
We went to high school together.
No.
Didn't fucking know it.
You're kidding, really?
No.
What high school?
Clover High School.
The town with love in the middle.
Where the only culture is agriculture.
What was the Clover High School football team?
The Blue Eels.
The Blue Eagles.
Weird because they're out at their clovers.
The Eagle is what makes my patriotism.
You just have to go lateral and just go fuck it.
Wear worms or a thing because we can't be clovers.
It's too obvious.
All right, so you're a patriot.
Are you like a conservative?
Would you call yourself a right wing?
Fuck no.
Don't be fooled because I look like Mitt Romney's son.
All right.
So you're liberal as probably a lot of Harmontown listeners,
but you're an America lover.
You love America.
I do.
Yeah.
Why don't you marry it?
Because they don't allow gay marriages in North Carolina.
And America's a dude.
We know that for sure.
Because it's got Florida hanging down.
All right, so you're a patriot.
So how can you help refine my constitution?
Amend it.
Okay, if two people want to do whatever they want to do
and it interferes, if I want to smoke a cigarette
and you don't want to breathe my second-hand smoke,
how do we resolve this?
I keep going back to Lord of the Flies.
I mean, you shouldn't just be like,
suck your ass more, Piggy.
We got to figure something out so we don't end up
like Lord of the Flies.
I mean, do you want the conch?
Should we pass that around?
Well, I've had the conch.
I'm trying to pass it around, yeah.
I mean, the problem is human courtesy
has just gone out the window, so...
Right.
We don't think that people are important anymore.
Am I right?
What's your name?
Did I get your name?
No, Nathan.
Nathan, okay.
Human courtesy has gone out the window.
We're not starting with the idea
that people are the most important thing.
I do it too.
If there's dudes sitting on the street,
you step over them.
You've got shit to do.
I'm not going to be the first guy to stop
and go like, okay, I'm not going to work today.
Like, hey, get up.
Let's get you some soup.
Then I'm going to get fired,
and I'll be laying next to him,
and then everyone's afraid of that happening.
So we have to form a new society where you go,
okay, there's a guy laying in the street.
Everyone stop.
Stop it.
Everyone stop what they're doing.
But in order to do that,
you have to kind of like extract yourself
from this machine that we've got going on, right?
It's not a question, I guess.
It should be a people first thing,
but we don't care about that,
because we just don't.
And it's not how we got where we are.
I mean, we built a country
on largely unpaid physical labor.
We couldn't afford to care about people.
We took over the world by like
not giving a shit about people.
So we can't stand here on stage
as a big fat, rich asshole
and say, let's start caring about each other.
It's kind of hypocritical, isn't it?
Yeah.
So what the fuck am I talking about?
I don't know.
I mean...
How do we punish me for my insolence?
I'm an asshole.
I'm an idiot.
You really are too hard on yourself, man.
Okay, well, how do we punish me for that?
We shouldn't punish you.
I think when we punish you, that's the problem.
We can't punish you.
I mean, we just need to...
I don't know.
Hug it out.
Hug it out, yeah.
I mean, connect you.
I think you're pretty well connected.
I mean, you're one of the more generous people.
Like, you have the courtesy to respond to your fans
via Twitter and Reddit and all that shit.
I do give a lot.
I give a lot.
I give a lot
to you.
You're welcome.
You and you.
Every time I see
something
I try to figure out how I can give
myself to it.
But I get caught up
in
songwriting.
Good.
Okay, that's a good song.
You really do give a lot.
Yeah.
No, please.
Let me give you the right to not applaud that.
I'm very generous.
I'm a very generous person.
Rap break!
Oh, shit!
Nathan!
Dan!
I fucked your mama.
That ain't no lie.
I fucked your mama like Jim in American Pie.
Yo!
I fucked your mama in the butt.
I fucked your mama said, what, what?
I fucked your mama.
That's what I'm talking about.
I fucked her in the back so hard.
Dave Matthews came out.
Whoa!
That one was for Jim.
All right, Nathan, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Give me both microphones.
Wow.
He did good.
What a deep reservoir of talent
out in the audience today.
Charlotte, that's why they call Charlotte
the Paris of North Carolina.
It's the Gem of the South.
What was your name again?
I'm sorry.
That was Nathan.
Nathan, yeah.
Nathan, you'll have to sign a release form
so we can sell that on CD.
Nathan, the patriotic mama fucker.
Wait, what's going on here?
I was just seeing if this would make me
extra powerful.
Ben, tell us a story about
somebody pooping their pants in your class
or something.
Like, what's the weirdest thing that happened
when you were substitute teaching a class?
Weirdest thing.
Just a random story.
Some girl puked in her purse.
Some kid took a crap.
I can tell you something that happened
at one of the schools I do substitute at.
At the school, me and Nathan both went to high school at.
Clover High School.
According to Coach Roach,
because we can't hire actual social studies teachers.
Wait, Coach Roach?
Coach Roach.
That's awesome.
Yeah, we live in South Carolina.
We can't afford to hire actual social studies,
science teachers, per se.
So we hire athletic coaches
to cover the social studies
and most of the cultural stuff.
Coach Roach taught a certain slant
on American history.
According to him, he was teaching a class.
He was standardized testing.
Apparently, one of the female students
sat through the entire test
and then asked to be let out.
He said, yeah, fine, if you're done.
And she said she was done.
So she started to go.
And she was moving very carefully,
just kind of shuffling her feet one together.
And she was almost to the door.
She had almost made it.
She was almost home safe when a turd falls right about there,
right behind her.
He's pointing at the stage.
It falls right about there.
That's it.
That's the story I wanted.
The story about a turd falling down your pants.
I thought that Coach Roach wasn't the bad guy in the story.
That was going in a very different direction.
Yeah, I thought.
He taught a very specific type of history.
Did he teach turd history?
Did he?
Was he just really a racist?
Well, Clover High School is the kind of high school
where you learned that FDR deliberately kept the fleet
in Pearl Harbor so that the Japanese would bomb it
so that we could go into World War II.
Wow.
Again, South Carolina.
South Carolina.
Oh yeah, because it was so different.
Did you know, Jeff, that North Carolina did not secede
from the Union until we were in Tennessee
and we were talking about how Tennessee was supposed to.
There was some contention there of who was the last,
which was the last state, because it happened
like within days of each other.
But what we do know is that North Carolina did not leave
the Union until Abraham Lincoln asked them to attack South Carolina.
That's got to be an awkward situation.
I guess that would be a deal breaker for me too
if there had been a North and South Wisconsin.
I would have not wanted to.
Do we have any racists in the audience?
Is there anybody racist?
It would be weird if there was somebody that was like,
I'm racist and came up and wanted to talk about it.
I don't know how we'd handle that,
but we've been having a complicated time of things.
We're these Yankee doodles, whatever you call us,
and we're coming through the South.
Obviously, you guys are going to tend to be progressive,
like liberal.
It's not like my crowd is the tractor pull
and a crowd necessarily.
Nothing against anybody that wants to pull a tractor anywhere.
I'm not saying that at all.
I'm not an elitist.
You don't pull a tractor.
Tractors pull things.
Well, they call them tractor pulls.
Get your shit together.
It's weird when we start talking about the racial stuff
and the history of stuff.
There's this swirl of weird...
It's difficult to talk about down here,
because people feel a compulsion to compensate for the history
and say, well, we're not...
That's not who we are anymore.
It's like, I don't know what my point is.
I don't have one.
My point is I don't have a point.
He killed himself down here.
This is where Hitler died.
He just got tired of being Hitler.
He wrote his final diary entry.
Dear diary, still Hitler.
I can hear the war ending above me.
Not much use for old Hitler anymore.
Guess I'll just tuck it in.
Is it true that he tried the poison on his dog first?
Yeah, he had a dog and he had the cyanide capsule
and he gave it to his dog to make sure it was the real McCoy.
He killed old Blondie first before he had it.
His dog's name was Blondie.
Do you think his dog had a little dog mustache?
Do you think Hitler's car had a little mustache on it?
Do you think his pencils and things?
He did give the world one lasting gift, though.
Because of that funny mustache,
anytime anybody hates the current president,
all you got to do is drop it on the front on George Bush
or on Obama and you've really made your point.
Yeah, Obama, Hitler.
Obama.
I got a few things to rap about him.
Yo, Obama's rap.
Hey, Obama, I fucked your mama. That's it.
Thank you.
Wow.
Thank you, Charlotte.
That was biting social commentary.
I invite the American government to come down here
and seize this bunker if they don't like what they're hearing.
We'll be well out of here.
Rob Schneider will be doing his act in this.
Swat teams will come in.
I'll haul him off to Guantanamo.
Right now, you could edit together a version of what we've done so far
and make a case that you're a bad, bad guy.
Bad citizen, for sure.
You hate the government. You want to be a terrorist.
You try to fuck the president's mama.
I don't want to be a terrorist. I don't want to blow anything up.
That's bad.
I feel like I'm protesting too much.
I don't think you should ever have to see that.
I don't want to blow anything up.
I did a pipe bomb when I was a kid.
Yeah.
Are you two?
Oh, yeah.
You got too proud of that night.
I used to like, my friend Matt Gorley is on the Super Ego podcast.
We were friends in the junior high school.
He had replica guns, like actual working, looking, fired blanks,
like Luger's and Walther's and stuff like that.
We'd go, we'd walk into the Whitwood Mall in Whittier, California
with guns in our belts.
They really looked like the real thing
because they basically were without the firing pin was gone or something like that.
And we'd make bombs and stuff like that.
We were terrible people.
We would be doing a lot of time now.
Actually, detectives came to our school
and a plainclothes detective pulled me out for a bomb threat
because I drew some girl that was a junior park in senior parking.
So Matt and I drew a picture of her car exploding and a soccer ball flying out
because she played soccer.
And the fucking LAPD, like the detectives came
because it's a terrorist threat.
I remember my friend Dan Ramstack and I made a...
Ramstack?
We figured out how to make lights blink with batteries
and we took electrical tape and like wrapped it around
and we made this thing that had like blinking lights on them
and we taped it to our neighbor's front screen door
and it just ran away.
And I don't know what we were thinking.
I don't think we thought...
We weren't trying to say this is a bomb.
We thought maybe they would think it was like a robot or something.
But the fucking bomb squad showed up
because Google...
I had a crush on the girl.
This is how I expressed it.
But he showed up and looked at it
and went like, okay, all right, 9-1-1.
And then there were just guys in white pajamas running around
diffusing this Christmas light.
That was before 9-11, Jeff. Everything changed on 9-11.
I don't know if you guys knew that.
Everything changed on 9-11.
Right, Ben?
So they kept telling me when I worked for that place.
And then they downsized you.
Yes.
Now you're teaching kids how to roll turds out of their pants.
You used to be America's first line of defense
against more 9-11s happening.
Against chiefly 18- and 19-year-olds from Damascus, apparently.
Right.
See, I used to give...
Me and my friends were terrible people.
We used to give substitute teachers a lot of shit.
But you seem like a pretty intimidating guy.
I don't know if I would mess with you.
The way it usually goes is they come in
and they're being little shits because they're teenagers, right?
And then it takes one good excuse me.
Can you give us an example?
That wasn't an example, right?
No, that was not an example. Really?
Because a kid...
Can you make this to your chalkboard here
and I'll be in the back of the class?
Alright.
Shit, fuck school.
Fuck education.
All I care about is 2 plus pussy.
Donald, we're in class.
No, I demand you misbehave like me.
It's peer pressure.
Alright, fuck you.
Fuck everybody.
Excuse me!
There's my fucking mic drop.
Excuse me.
Jeff mined walking away pooping his pants.
We're having a lot more fun in Charlotte
than you can hear on the podcast.
You really have to feel the...
Alright, second episode of Katie's CW show
about werewolves in New Orleans.
Episode 2, what's the title?
Does somebody say a noun?
Ants.
Umbrella.
Episode 2, umbrella.
A new biol adolescent, Katie,
walks down the halls of New Orleans High School.
Excuse me.
Bump into people much?
Sorry, I was on the way to football practice.
You need to learn some man's.
That's just we can talk for manners.
Wait, aren't you that werewolf girl?
Shut the fuck up.
Everybody knows.
Shut up!
What are you going to do?
Eat my chickens at night?
Shut up!
It's a metaphor.
Chicken lover?
Werewolf lady?
It's such an apt metaphor for my period.
I'm going to the only coffee shop where I feel okay to be me.
I'll have a coffee, because I'm 16.
Hello, Katie.
The ghost of Samantha.
After I died, I became a barista at this coffee place.
Would you like a haunted cappuccino?
This is crazy.
Listen, if anybody starts teasing you, remember what I taught you.
You've got to be who you are, Katie.
Oh, this came for you.
It's a letter.
I don't know why it comes to the coffee place.
Follow the umbrella?
I've got to get back to work.
See, it really worked out.
I'm in the weeds, Katie.
It's slammed in here right now.
Okay, well, I'm going to go to this patern address and see if I can track down 355 for the cappuccino.
Shit.
God damn it.
I was your mentor.
I didn't take advantage of me like an asshole.
Two, three, one, pickle boulevard.
Knocking on the door.
Action set piece.
Got your metal shin guards on, I see.
The sword's meaningless and...
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Wolfwoman.
C.G. shot.
Wolf knight.
You see, you've been living under a giant sky umbrella for the last seven months, not knowing
that we've turned the moon red.
All of your kind will be extinct.
No.
Commercial break.
Go-bond powder.
It's the best powder ever.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry, sorry, he bailed on that commercial.
You deserve a full commercial.
Let's do the gold-bond powder commercial.
Okay, so what was the last line?
Living under the moon is red, and all your kind will be extinct.
No.
Do your balls itch.
Yes.
Try gold-bond powder.
All right.
Holy shit, they don't itch.
Coming up next on Fox, don't miss an all-new episode of Cake Bakers.
Look, I made this thing three cheers, and it's got frosting.
Blimp you, blimp you.
Check it out, Freddy.
Wichita.
Wichita has a glossy coat because of a chuck wagon.
You should give it to your dog.
I'm asked, head.
From Bonanza.
Now back to Teenage Werewolf, New Orleans unit.
Let me out of this cell.
I can sense you with my werewolf powers not uttering me, son of a bitch, if I could just
flash back to Samantha, maybe I would get some kind of wisdom on how to get out of here.
I'm always with you, Katie.
I quit my job at the coffee place.
I work at the jail now.
I'm locked in some kind of cell at some kind of umbrella corporation.
Listen, I didn't raise you up as a young werewolf lady to give up so easily.
I raised a strong-minded woman.
You're 13 now, Katie.
Right?
Yeah, I take the answer.
I was dead for a while, and we lost track.
All right, I'll just tell you, this cell isn't as strong as you think it is.
Think it is.
Rhymes with stink-a-mizz.
The company that makes this bolt on the ceiling.
A hatch opens.
That was easy.
Time to kick-box my way to the end of the episode.
I know there'll be more like you in episodes two through twelve.
It's in the way that you use it.
Back to the school.
Uh-oh.
Hey, watch it.
Sorry.
I thought you were gone.
You know what?
I heard you went to jail, probably for being a werewolf.
Maybe I learned it's worth sticking things out and fighting for what I believe in.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
It's kind of personal, though.
I'm 13.
I can take it.
I just want to know, when the moon comes out, like, are you hairy everywhere?
Dick Wolf, free-spray.
All right.
Wow.
That's a good show, Katie.
If I pitch that, you're on board, you're a head writer.
Is there a reason why werewolves have metal shidnguards?
I don't know.
I don't know, man.
Is that a vulnerable part of a werewolf?
Ask yourself that.
Let's bring Spencer up, our Dungeon Master.
Oh, shit, yeah.
We're going to have to say goodbye to Ben for a moment so Spencer can take his place.
Yeah, Ben's been using the Spencer table.
All right, Spencer, our Dungeon Master.
For those of you who don't know, we play D&D on this show, and Spencer has traveled all
the way from California to join us.
Spencer, everyone.
Charlotte.
Right?
Spencer, what do you think of how the show's been going?
It's been really good.
I've been laughing.
Can you hear me back there?
You don't think it's a little weird?
I like weird?
Oh, OK.
That makes sense.
Spencer's toes are fused together.
We found out.
And you can go on Instagram and you can see a picture of his toes.
He has a thing.
Do you...
Yes, ma'am?
People in our family have that also.
Yeah.
It's called syndactyly.
That's what it's called?
Syndactyly family members from South Carolina.
I have two other ones.
South Carolina.
Yeah, yeah.
You guys really hate South Carolina, don't you?
They do not want it.
South Carolina.
What is the difference between North and South?
T.
So, out of the 50 states, South Carolina is 50th.
They are dead last.
You guys here are 48.
Whoo!
We're all right.
Are you like the governor?
You're so invested.
What's your name?
My name is Henry.
Henry...
I don't know, I want to uncork this guy.
I want to rub this genie's lamp.
I want to know more about North Carolina from like,
what...?
If I just stick the microphone in your face, will you say interesting things or do I have
to be a good interviewer?
Okay.
There's not a lot to be proud of when you live in North Carolina, but the few things
we have is that we're better than South Carolina.
Is there anyone from South Carolina here?
Oh, Jesus.
Holy shit.
Dude, he's surrounded by South Carolinans.
I'm going to go out and- Okay, you've got this whole table of South Carolina.
All right.
What do you have to say in South Carolina's defense over here?
South Carolina's a shit.
Now, it's hard to argue with that.
Yeah.
You guys, you can't be proud that you're 50th in education, probably, right?
No, but our education system is broken anyway, so.
Yeah.
Bob Jones University, which is like a conservative Christian university there in South Carolina.
Actually, even Jeff, when Christians talk about making South Carolina a homeland and
succeeding from the Union once again, it's a messed up place.
All right.
Jeff, we have a serious human conflict here.
On the night that I decided we have to figure out a new way to resolve human conflict.
You know what?
I'm going to be the representative for South Carolina, and I'm going to-
That's not very brave of you.
You're surrounded by-
Yeah.
Dan, Dan, I got to tell you, it's the shit.
But Abraham Lincoln wanted North Carolina to attack South Carolina, and the Carolinas
pulled together and said, look, we're both Carolinas.
It seems like a logical thing.
Now there's all this division again, just because of a simple direction on a compass.
Yeah.
How do you guys feel about Virginia, or do you guys care about that, or is it just because
you share a name?
Henry, how do you feel about Virginia?
I think Virginia is slightly better than North Carolina.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Wait, better than North?
Oh, so you're self-loathing, Carolina.
Okay.
Well, we can't-
It's not that you love North Carolina so much, it's just that it is just a little bit better
than South Carolina.
It's our little thing.
It could be worse.
You just want to hop on our tour bus and come smoke weed in California, and be liberal
and cosmopolitan.
I understand that.
Well, you probably, yeah, you probably grow it a lot here, right?
Yeah, something in the back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Look, this is a-
We're not talking about your exact right about a simple direction of North Carolina and South
Carolina.
There is a plot that we can't do.
Okay, okay.
Jeff, I'm handing her the mic.
Okay.
I'm Adrienne, and I'm from North Carolina, and there's a lot to be proud of for North
Carolina.
We have a ton of awesome things here.
Everybody loves North Carolina.
South Carolina has awesome things.
What are you guys proud of?
It's just a-
Huh?
Everything.
I mean, we have great people.
North Carolina has, no, not just NASCAR.
That's everything that people pick on.
Don't you guys have like peanut butter pie here?
Is that a thing here?
We're not just-
Yeah.
Yeah, there we go.
That's pretty good.
People don't just have-
I like what you've been saying about getting people together.
Well, I'm a-
Hey, how are you?
I forgot your name already.
I'm Adrienne.
Nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you.
What's your name?
Adrienne.
Adrienne, all right.
I came out on a crappy weather night.
They've been after-
You thought Rob Schneider was going to be here?
Bruh, no.
You're way better.
So, I'm excited to be here, and everything you guys have said has been awesome.
But we all are here together, North Carolina, South Carolina, who cares, have friends all
over the world.
Yeah.
And everybody's just here to have fun.
It's a comedy.
Good job.
Adrienne, everybody.
Wow.
All right.
We're just having a good time.
We don't need to talk about the Civil War and-
Well, that's my fault.
That's my fault.
No, but you're an awesome guy.
We appreciate you coming.
We get awesome comedy.
We have museums.
We have history.
We have the mountains.
We have awesome stuff in North Carolina.
She's like an awesome Sesame Street character.
She's just back.
She's the only one seated behind the wall.
She was like, just popped out of a little trash can.
Why don't y'all just love each other?
I'm like the cute version of the Grouch.
I'm like, I love America.
I love everybody.
Yeah, you popped up to help us love each other.
That's right.
They all know me here.
This is a lot.
Hey, Blair.
Hey, Patrick.
Wait, if she knows you, why is she taking secret pictures of you?
These are okay.
It's an Instagram later.
Hey, these are all comedians here.
They want to be up there, but I'm not a comedian.
I just want to tell everybody to love each other.
You know what I think?
It's time for a dance.
What?
I think it's time for you and Adrienne to do the happiness wrap.
Yeah, let's hug it out.
All right.
You're cute.
Come on.
Hug it up.
Are we going to dance?
Yeah.
Happiness wrap with Adrienne.
Wrap it in the back.
Shit.
Happiness wrap.
We're at the Comedy Zone, an NC music factory.
How can we dance so fast?
I'm a little baby.
I'm a little toddler.
Adrienne, wrap it in the back.
I fucked your mama like she was on crack.
I put my dick in her butt, put it in her mouth.
Carolina, north and south.
Whoa.
No.
No, they're the same.
Carolina.
It's all just game.
The government.
Welcome me to the front.
Oh, no.
I just called you.
The Carolinas, they're all the same.
It's just a big government game.
Try to make it feel different, put you against each other.
People fighting brother-brother.
Brother-brother.
Civil war.
Bullshit.
Put your mama up.
No.
Love it up.
Now, Carolina.
South Carolina.
Woo.
Everybody.
Love it out.
What's up?
Who cares?
Love it out.
Love it out?
I don't know.
Do it.
No shit.
It's all right.
Love it out.
Party foul.
Thank you.
Thank you, Adrienne.
All right.
Adrienne, everybody.
This mic's a lot less hot than this mic.
Thank you.
You're wrong.
Thank you for coming here to show us.
Do you work here, Adrienne?
No, I just came out.
Because it's cold.
That's a laugh.
Oh, it won't.
Yeah.
You know, Dan, actually, it's weird.
Adrienne actually died 15 years ago.
That's her ghost?
Yeah.
She had snakes for hair.
That's a ghost story.
The comedy zone is haunted by the most positive ghost in the world.
It makes sense, because Hitler died here.
So, of course, it would be haunted by a very happy lady.
So the Hitler's bunker is haunted by a Jewish ghost.
Happy Jew.
Hey.
It could be worse.
That's Hitler's purgatory, is he has to walk around his death bunker.
And Adrienne is just like, hey, hug it out.
Hug it out, Hitler.
Hitler, have a sandwich.
Come on, Hitler.
Would you eat something?
I forgive you, Hitler.
Hey, let the bygones be the bygones.
And Hitler's like, this is a way to live your life.
This is a place to die.
We went to the Anne Frank Museum in, what do you call it, Amsterdam?
That was some heavy shit.
Me and Aaron, I don't know.
I'm done with that conversation.
But it was weird.
You know, you can't help when you're somewhere that serious.
Is the house still there?
Do you get to go up into the attic and stuff?
Yeah, but everything is reinforced with stainless steel to keep everyone from farting on something
important.
And her dad demanded out of deference to, because once the Frank family got turned in,
the Nazis came there and they cleared all the shit out.
And her dad said, don't ever furnish it as a museum.
All the rooms should be empty as a symbolic thing.
So you're really just, I mean, good for him.
I'm certainly not going to tell him how to run an Anne Frank Museum.
But the customer is always right.
A little boring.
Could use a couple sofas.
You really are just walking through and reading stuff in the wall that you could probably Google.
You could Google a lot of it.
They should call it the pre-Google Memorial Museum.
I think they literally went on Google, printed the stuff, put it in a plexiglass frame,
hung it on the wall, you walk through, look at the stuff that they Googled.
Fuck you, Anne Frank Museum.
Sorry.
That's a bold stance, man.
Someone's got to take it.
It sounds like you really suffered.
Speaking of suffering, I think it's time to play a little D&D.
How do you guys feel?
Let's do it.
What are you guys going for?
We're going to need Aaron up here, though.
Erin McGathy to the stage, please. Erin McGathy.
I wish we had a mic.
I don't know that idea, because we have a mic pointed at the audience,
and it's right in front of your face.
What's your name, sir?
Drew.
Drew, would you take this mic and, like, we never do this for D&D.
Sound effects for anything, like if they say a horse gallops up,
like you might do.
You can come up and share my mic, Drew.
If you're in Amsterdam, still check out the Anne Frank Museum.
It's pretty moving.
The explanation for the furniture not being there was that so many people were lost,
so there can't be anything in the building.
It was a little silly.
There must have been something else that was going on there.
No, no, I'm not.
I know.
I would hate for anyone here to be in Amsterdam to be like,
well, Dan Harmon said to not go to the museum.
Go, still go.
Is there a gift shop there?
There is, yeah.
What's for sale, like a t-shirt?
Her hair, all of her hair.
I know, different copies of the book.
I bought a bunch of postcards.
I was really moved. I was the only one in our party that was super into it.
There's beautiful, like little shampoo bottles shaped like Anne Frank.
They're flashlights and blankets for hiding.
See, when you connect the dots, that's when they boo.
All right, Spencer, get us up to date.
All right.
When we last met, our group had just split up.
Mulraine flamed the scene to meditate at the sacred grove.
Quark thrown onto the back of a deadly Candroid.
And Sharpie left to clean up the dead after the great battle of Buttsalot Camp.
Quark infiltrated the great black ship of Dark Star's fleet,
checking out various rooms while Sharpie had the moment he'd always desired with his father.
Reaching a new understanding, his father bestowed upon Sharpie the greatest gift of all.
His magic cloak, the symbol of leadership of the Buttsalot Drive.
I'm sorry, can you pause there? I keep thinking about Adrienne in the back,
not knowing what the fuck's going on.
Now I can't stop thinking about her point of view.
She just came in and we're playing Dungeons & Dragons in front of her.
I'm almost certain that she's going to be good with it then.
Adrienne, are you on board?
I was told by the staff that she's the Adam Goldberg of this place.
He becomes every chef.
Adrienne, we're playing a make-believe game where...
I'm worried about what you said about fucking my mama from the distance.
She's the easiest and now I'm going to be embarrassed.
Oh no, we'll edit out where I fucked your mama.
He's not really going to fuck your mama.
No, she's worried her mama will hear it and she'll...
She's cute. I mean, don't...
Oh, then I'll fuck her.
We'll all fuck her.
Okay, now we're going to fuck your mama.
Now it's for real.
I don't discriminate on mamas.
Alright.
Okay, Adrienne, Adrienne?
Alright, here we go.
No, I was concerned about her not having an eye into the...
Alright, sorry, Spencer, continue.
Just making sure.
Meanwhile, deep in meditation, Mulraine was disturbed by the sounds of a troubled horse.
Inspecting further, he discovered a dead woman wearing a belt of gender switching,
as well as a tight-up horse.
Mulraine put it on and regained her original, feminine form.
Swiftly, she rode, rejoining Sharpie at Yellow Camp,
and together, with the magic of his father's cape, the two teleported,
rejoining Quark in the hold of the Black Ship,
just in time to hear the loud claxons of a warning alarm going off.
Shit was about to go down.
Go!
I was in a blackout drunk.
You put your magic cloak on, and you joined me on the ship.
I'd been kicking some ass and killing some dudes with some cannons.
Yellow creatures and some black creatures.
Right, and I intimidated a black creature, and it was pretty cool.
And then you guys teleported up to join me on the mother ship, presumably of Admiral Darkstar.
Both of us?
Yeah, you're both together. You were that fucked up?
I was that fucked up, dude.
You know I'm a woman now.
I mean, you guys have no idea. This show is ten times better than Nashville.
They were having a better time, it sounded like, because they were fucked up, too.
You hear, like, oh, we're laughing, we're having a good time, but I'm telling you, I sound like a maniac.
That's why I came in here low-key and was like, you know, I wanted to, like, I wanted to mellow it out a little bit.
Well, you've certainly done that.
But then we ended up kickboxing with werewolves.
Yeah, that's true.
Alright, so I examine the surrounding Spencer.
You're in a long room. Behind you stands a row of cannons.
Their position is fixed, but the housing they're mounted on looks like it can be swung around 360 degrees.
The alarm blares, and you know it's only a matter of time before someone comes to check it out.
The remaining yellow demon is sliding across the floor towards a large yellow grate in the far wall.
Turtle what?
A grate in the far wall. The door in front of you remains closed.
Could I take the cannon and swivel it around and shoot the door?
Oh, totally.
Alright, I swivel the cannon. Stand back, everybody! I'm gonna blow the door open!
That's true, everybody.
This is great.
The door blasts open with a loud explosion.
You see the main room.
This room is covered in pipes, tubes, metal gauges, and all manner of valves and knobs.
Aside from the door you just came through, you see doors on your left and on your right,
and a large open hatch on the floor before you.
If you remember, Quark, that's how you got into this room.
Alright, so I'm back where I came in.
Yeah.
Got it.
And so there's the two doors that I did not go through the first time.
The door to your right has a large sign in a language you can't read.
Does anybody here have a power to read languages?
Can you tell us more about that language? Like, what does it look like?
I'll tell you it's a Bissell, and you recognize it as a Bissell.
Like, so I can...
You speak a Bissell.
I do?
Yeah.
Well, what does it say?
Uh, what does it say?
Bridge.
Ooh.
It says bridge. It's written in a Bissell.
I say we go to the bridge and take this mother down.
Yeah, let's do it.
The door seems to be locked.
Sorry, I just did a quick walkie-talkie check.
Switch the channel through, you guys.
The corridor that we're in is lined with doors on either side.
There's another door that, besides the one I mentioned,
and there's a hatch in the floor that would go down a floor.
Right, I try to open the other door.
The metal door opens with a whoosh,
and you can see a large pool of yellowy, liquid flesh swirling around.
What is this?
Occasionally, you see a face contorted in agony,
drift up to the surface,
before giving a heart-sreaking wail
and sinking down to the bottom of the fluid.
This looks like a party we don't want to join, gentlemen.
You see several buttons on the far wall.
There's a grate on the floor, on the left side of the room,
and a small door to your right.
So there's a big puddle, a yellow flesh goo,
and a face occasionally is bubbling around in it?
Yep.
And there are buttons, and there's a grate.
You see a coalescing figure.
It's one of those yellow demons that rises out of the mush
and slides past it across the door.
It doesn't seem to be giving you any notice.
Creature!
Name yourself!
It doesn't seem to give you any notice.
What is it doing?
It just slid out of the room.
Oh, he's left?
Yep.
That was easy.
Did the buttons say anything?
The buttons aren't labeled.
There's five of them.
Are they different colors?
They are not.
What color are they?
They're gray.
Okay.
And there's a door to your right.
Can I cast knock on it?
Isn't that like a spell that opens locked doors?
Yeah, knock is a spell that'll unlock any...
any locker, you know.
Yeah, I see.
If it's not magical.
You cast it, right?
Yeah, it casts knock like the dickens.
The door blasts open.
This hall is empty.
The human...
The human standing in front of a door down the hall.
At the sound of the knock spell, he takes notice of you.
The man is almost naked, wearing only an orange wrap around his waist
and holding a wicked looking metal whip.
He seems to be guarding something.
He cracks his whip with menace.
Drew is killing it.
So this guy looks like a bad guy, probably, right?
Combat is happening.
Whose turn is it?
The first person to react, I suppose.
I react with a power attack.
Charging through the door, you leap towards the foe with a power attack.
One, two, or three?
Two.
You hit!
Striking the arm, holding the whip.
You're fl...
Fuck.
Your sword cuts into his arm.
The man is almost felled.
He responds by snapping his whip at you.
It's a critical hit.
Thanks, Drew.
You take 18 damage and pull to your feet.
Fuckin' hell.
So I'm down to... I've tried 40 hit points, so I'm done.
I'm done at 22?
Correct.
Shitballs.
The man seems wounded.
Do I still have my amulet of heal, thingy?
It's around your neck, yes, but it takes a while to boot up.
I hit control, alternate, delete, and reboot it.
It starts booting.
Sharpier, more rain.
I cast Charm Person on this googa.
You cast Charm Person.
He's entitled to a will-save.
Shit, he's kicking ass.
The Charm unaffects him.
It fails to affect him.
I boldly and bravely shoot two arrows...
at the creature.
One of the arrows strikes him right in the neck.
Aha!
It does 10 damage.
He falls to the floor, bleeding out.
He's dead.
He's dead?
We got him.
Aha!
Search him. Search his ass.
He's wearing an orange wrap and holding a wicked whip.
It might be magical.
I hand the whip to Quirk, and I take off his orange wrap,
if only just to see his privates.
You feel better about yourself.
I point at them and laugh.
It's hilarious.
There's a door behind him.
Yeah, there's a door behind him.
I wrap the orange wrap around me and go,
I'm a guy with a whip!
I'm dying!
You're a human. He was a human.
You should maybe put on the orange wrap,
take your shirt off and take the whip,
and you can go in and pretend you're that guy
and do a little switch around.
He just looks like a scrawny, pale human.
So do I, right?
What's your strength?
What's your constitution?
You're pretty scrawny.
My strength is 9, my constitution is 16.
I'd say you're a well-built chap.
So I don't look like this guy with my clothes off?
I mean, you look more like him than an elf or a gnome.
I say it's worth a try.
I'm going to assume, yeah, just what the hell, you know?
Yeah, I mean, what can't hurt?
I fold up my magic robes, put it inside his orange wrap,
wrap the orange wrap around me,
and then walk around with his dumb-ass whip.
You make a passable disguise.
What's that?
You're not sure, but you're pretty sure it'll work.
My attraction lessons.
Standing at the door.
After you, Sharpie.
I open the door.
This room is full of metal lockers.
They appear to be locked.
You also see a large key ring on a small wooden table littered with maps.
Snatch.
He saved every one of us.
I take the key ring.
What was the first thing you said?
This room is filled with what?
Lockers.
Metal lockers.
And maps on a table.
Let's get that key ring.
Hey, check out these maps.
The maps depict the butt's expanse and the axe-beard mountains,
as well as a large land mass you're not familiar with.
Where's the land mass in relation to the butt's butt's butt's butt's a lot?
It's in the water.
You can't see any other landmarks that you'd recognize on the map.
Take the keys.
I pick up the keys and try to...
Nice.
I jingle them around it just because I lock my Prius.
And I go to try to open the lockers with the keys.
You unlock all the lockers.
What do you get?
A loot of charming.
I'll take it.
A power bracelet.
Eight good arrows.
Eight sleep arrows.
Twenty V arrows.
A chime of opening.
Four beads of force.
And a quadringe and a pair of teeth.
May I have the arrows, gentlemen?
Of course.
Yeah, go ahead.
Thank you.
Let me just pick these up slowly.
Arrow sound.
What was that?
Charm of opening?
The chime of opening.
Chime of opening?
It's a small metal tube.
Right.
Is this like a dick joke?
No.
I should have went there.
It's just a small metal tube that opens things?
Okay.
There's a little tag tied to it.
A little tag?
To use.
Ring this chime.
Oh.
Okay.
It's a chime of opening.
All right.
It probably works like my knock spell, right?
I don't know.
All right.
So we gather up all that booty and we probably take these maps.
Are there other doorways in this room?
You see a hatch in the ceiling and there's no ladder leading up to it.
However, a silver staff lies in the corner of the room.
I approach the staff and grab the staff.
Grabbing the staff, you hold the staff.
Holding the staff, I use it to pivot my beautiful woman body up to the hatch.
As you strike this bottom of the rod against the floor, it begins to grow in length.
Soon, the rod is at the top of the hatch.
Now, this is a dick joke, right?
Yeah, it is.
I have the weirdest boner.
I stroke the staff to thank it.
It pulses?
So can we climb that staff now to get up to the hatch?
You get the sense it would be easy to climb such a staff.
All right.
I climb the staff.
We all climb the staff.
You all?
Yes, Adrienne.
Oh, shit.
It's all right.
Adrienne's got a question.
Okay.
I have a question.
I just got sleepy.
It's kind of hot in here.
Do you want to talk about something else?
Adrienne just gave a justifiable critique of how the evening's going.
Adrienne, what do you do?
What do you do, Adrienne?
Let's not talk about you.
That's not fair.
If you're bored with us, I want to see you present something.
You just stretch out, Adrienne, do your thing.
I don't want to be a bitch, but I don't care how Adrienne feels.
I care how everyone else feels.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, but it is rude.
It's okay.
I'm sure you're a sweetheart.
Maybe you're a little drunk, but it is a little rude.
It's okay.
You're pretty.
Just fucking bury your prettiness and other things.
This is going wild.
Hitler died in this room.
It's fine.
I mean, I come up here and I just flounder and flounder.
I don't care about you disrespecting me.
I care about you disrespecting everybody else.
Okay.
Well, then just stop fucking talking.
Fine.
You're going to be fine.
She's fine.
She's going to be fine.
I adore you.
You're going to be fine.
Just stop talking.
Do I have to make the sound effects?
Yes.
Drew wants to know if they fight, should you make the sound effect?
Adrienne, we're climbing a magical staff into a different room.
Which sounds very boring, but it's happening.
I'm so happy I'm here.
The American citizen guy with a completely foreign accent just expressed his total happiness
with being here.
What's your name again, sir?
Clayton.
Clayton?
Yeah.
It's even a foreign name.
So British, or Australian, or...
Apparently, too.
Is it Southern?
Yeah.
Where is Newcastle?
I still don't...
Is it Northern?
No.
You don't know?
I'm not good at geography.
Yeah, I know.
There's coal there, I think, right?
It's, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, beer and a soccer team.
All right.
We take a little break.
Let's wrap this adventure up with that.
Okay, so we'll leave that as a cliffhanger.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
Drew.
Thank you, everybody.
Andrew.
Hitler's ghost, or the ghost of the Hans Hitler, Adrian, back there.
Thank you, Drew, on sound effects.
Thank you, yeah.
Thank you, Spencer.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
I'm really looking for the bad.
Thank you.
A very angry Erin McGathy all of a sudden.
I really...
I'm trying to get the voice down.
Nice.
T-shirt.
Two for 25.
She has some support from some parts of the room.
There's a Carolina conflict in here.
It's like, you know, when we grow up close to each other, we rub elbows.
The people that are closest to each other, Jeff, they can really hurt each other the
most.
Yeah.
That's what we learned in North Carolina tonight.
I forced it, but it's a lesson.
Now I think it's time for the...
It's time to find the best singers in the audience.
She can sing.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What's up?
What's your name?
I'm a tough guy.
You don't have to sing well because you were the only...
Yeah, we really had to pull teeth to get...
Yeah, so you're in the clear.
You're fine.
Awesome.
Have you been listening to the podcast as we've been on the road?
I haven't, but I don't know the song.
Oh, okay.
All right.
It's really good, I think.
Please.
Is there a melody?
Yeah, yeah.
It's like...
Come on down to Harmontown Turn that frown upside down
Pea is yellow, poop is brown Come on down to Harmontown
I think you got it.
Something like that, right?
Yeah.
All right.
I'll help you out with the first one.
And if anyone else knows it out there, please join it.
All right.
Who knows it, right?
Clayton, you know it, right?
Yeah.
North Carolina came to the stage, got a lot of drunken ladies expressing rage, got people
turning against each other for no reason.
I fucked your mama every year and every season.
I put some salt on her pussy, pepper on her nuts.
I fucked your mama in seven of her butts.
She's got seven butts because she's a mythical creature.
I fucked your mama like the Hobbit feature.
It's three movies.
Why?
It was one book.
I fucked your mama.
Don't even look.
Turn your head.
Well, I fucked her dead.
I fucked your mama.
I'm sorry.
Your dad instead.
I fucked your dad.
A nuzzle does nuts.
I fucked your dad in all of his butts.
Do it.
Come on down to Harmontown Turn that frown upside down
Drink, eat his yellow, poop his brown.
Come on down to Harmontown Urban plight, feeling my eyes.
My mind goes across the horizon, surprise.
I got concrete jungle, graffiti in my veins.
Motherfucker, gonna go in the rain.
I got pylons and storm drains.
Got your mama in the fucking lanes.
I tried to pass her, but her ass was too big.
I fucked your mama.
She's a Newton, a fig.
A fig Newton is what I meant.
I fucked your mama so hard, she put it into the cement pocket.
Come on down to Harmontown Turn that frown upside down
Drink, eat his yellow, poop his brown.
Come on down to Harmontown
Adrienne in the back, hoppin' off.
Does she have a right?
Do you have a right to cough?
If someone sneezes, do you say gazoon tight?
I said some shit, but Erin wasn't alright.
She said shut the fuck up.
She said I could talk.
If I can do this, then anyone can speak and walk.
I walk around the room.
Your mama's got a womb.
I'm back inside it and it's gonna be my tomb, Hitler.
Come on down to Harmontown Turn that frown upside down
Eat his yellow, poop his brown.
Come on down to Harmontown
Beep-op to the boob-op beef I got your mama so hard
Put her in a dungeon key
I took my shoes off and hit her in the face
I fucked your mama regardless of her race
I went to the moon and colonized it
I took your mama outside and squeezed both of her tits
Had some milk come out, put it all in my coffee
I said hey bitch, you turned me off with me
And then I started to save other shit
It didn't really matter because it had been a long night
I fucked your mama alright
Come on down to Harmontown
Turn that frown upside down
He is yellow, poop his brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Turn that frown upside down
He is yellow, poop his brown
Come on down to Harmontown
Slow, soft and rap
Gonna put a cat in my lap
I just wanna stroke it, be gentle and kind
I want all of my brothers to hit, pause and rewind
And go back to a time when we can love each other
Don't want Caroline and brothers to fight
All the mountains are the same out our window
I fucked your mama
It's okay, see?
Oh shit
It's Adrienne
I found Adrienne crying in the bathroom
Explain to her what happened
We'll say it in front of you
I'm sorry I made you feel bad
It's okay, apology accepted
She's hugging us
Women hugging, everyone loving
Go out to your cars, put the tires as a nugget
I don't know about automotive terminology
Starting over
Fucked your mama like her name was Rover
Turned her to sit down and roll
Fucked your mama in a Gallipol
I said
What do you think?
She said, I'm a Democrat
I put her ass in the kitchen sink
And put it in a cup
But fuck your mama so hard
She got all fucked up
She was crying the next day
I said, why? She said, I love you
You're my special guy
I said, I'm so sorry I've been so abusive
I'm just trying to wrap I get so abusive
I only want to love you
Like I love myself
Pussy Dusty Shelf
Sorry
One more time
Thank you all for coming everybody
Thank you so much, Charlotte
One more time for Adrian
Danielle first
Spencer
Drew on Sound Effect
Drew, Clayton, Henry
Henry on History
The South Carolina Contingency
Thank you
I'm Jeff Davis
One more time for Dan Harmon everybody
We can all learn to get along
Hey Trevor Ritland
You want a free shirt?
So find us
Spencer roll some dice
Go find Spencer after the show
Thank you one more time you guys are amazing
We love you all
Drive safe tonight
If you buy some shit
I'll sign it for you
We'll have a drink together
God bless you
Don't really know where to put this